Docker command customization documentation (#3447)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/containers/reference.md

| `enableDebugging` |  Whether or not to enable debugging within the container. | `false` |
| `inspectMode` |  Defines the initial interaction between the application and the debugger (`default` or `break`). <br/> The value `default` allows the application to run until the debugger attaches. <br/> The value `break` prevents the application from running until the debugger attaches. | `default` |
| `inspectPort` |  The port on which debugging should occur. | `9229` |

## Command customization

> The Docker extension executes a number of Docker CLI commands on behalf of its users, such as to build images, run containers, attach to containers, and view container logs. Some of these commands have a large number of optional arguments, often used in very specific scenarios. Many of these commands can be customized.

Reviewer: "on behalf of its users" I think can be improved.  Can this be more exact?  Something like "when you perform various operations, such as to build images, run containers ..."

> For each of these customizable Docker commands, a configuration setting is available to set the template of what to execute. Alternatively, multiple templates can be defined, optionally with a regular expression which, when matched, hints the context in which a template should be used. The templates support some tokens similar to `launch.json` and `tasks.json`, for example, `${workspaceFolder}`.

Reviewer: Where possible, use "you" when involving actions of the user.  
```suggestion
For each of these customizable Docker commands, a configuration setting is available to set the template of what to execute. Alternatively, you can define multiple templates, optionally with a regular expression which, when matched, hints the context in which a template should be used. The templates support some tokens similar to `launch.json` and `tasks.json`, for example, `${workspaceFolder}`.
```

### Settings JSON schema

> There are two options for configuring each of the templates (listed below). The first is a single template which overrides the default behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have two options for configuring each of the templates (listed below). The first is a single template which overrides the default behavior:
```

```json
{
    "docker.commands.build": "docker build --rm -f \"${dockerfile}\" -t ${tag} \"${context}\""
}
```

> The second is multiple templates which will be chosen based on the `match` regular expression as well as user input. For example, two templates are given below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second is multiple templates which will be chosen based on the `match` regular expression as well as user input. For example, two templates are shown in the following code:
```

    1. If none match the `match` property, all templates without a defined `match` property are selected.
    1. If none match the `match` property, and there are no templates without a defined `match` property, then the default command template is chosen.
    1. Any time that multiple templates are selected, the user will be prompted to choose between them on which to execute.

### Docker Build

| Configuration Setting | Default Value |
|--|--|
| `docker.commands.build` | `docker build --rm -f "${dockerfile}" -t ${tag} "${context}"` |

Supported tokens:

| Token | Description |
| -- | -- |
| `${dockerfile}` | The workspace-relative path of the selected `Dockerfile`. |
| `${tag}` | The value entered/confirmed by the user upon invoking the build command. If previously built, defaults to the previously-entered value for that `Dockerfile`. |
| `${context}` | If set, the value of the `docker.imageBuildContextPath` configuration setting. Otherwise, the workspace-relative folder in which the `Dockerfile` resides. |

> > NOTE: If the `docker.commands.build` setting does not contain the `${tag}` token, the user will *not* be prompted to enter/confirm a tag.

Reviewer: Matching the style used in the VS Code docs for notes.
```suggestion
> **Note**: If the `docker.commands.build` setting does not contain the `${tag}` token, the user will *not* be prompted to enter/confirm a tag.
```

Author: I only just now learned about this suggested change thing, I love it!

> NOTE: The `match` regular expression will be compared against the selected Dockerfile name and the workspace folder name.

### Docker Run

| Configuration Setting | Default Value |
|--|--|
| `docker.commands.run` | `docker run --rm -d ${exposedPorts} ${tag}` |
| `docker.commands.runInteractive` | `docker run --rm -it ${exposedPorts} ${tag}` |

Supported tokens:

| Token | Description |
| -- | -- |
| `${exposedPorts}` | Generated from the list of exposed ports in the image (i.e. ultimately from the `Dockerfile`), where each exposed port is mapped to the same port on the local machine.  For example, `"EXPOSE 5000 5001"` would generate `"-p 5000:5000 -p 5001:5001"`. |
| `${tag}` | The full tag of the selected image. |

> > NOTE: The `match` regular expression will be compared against the full tag of the selected image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The `match` regular expression will be compared against the full tag of the selected image.
```

### Docker Attach

| Configuration Setting | Default Value |
|--|--|
| `docker.commands.attach` | `docker exec -it ${containerId} ${shellCommand}`

Supported tokens:

| Token | Description |
| -- | -- |
| `${containerId}` | The ID of the container to attach to. |
| `${shellCommand}` | The value of the `docker.attachShellCommand.linuxContainer` or `docker.attachShellCommand.windowsContainer` configuration setting, as appropriate. |

> > NOTE: The `match` regular expression will be compared against the container name and full tag of the container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The `match` regular expression will be compared against the container name and full tag of the container image.
```

### Docker Logs

| Configuration Setting | Default Value |
|--|--|
| `docker.commands.logs` | `docker logs -f ${containerId}`

Supported tokens:

| Token | Description |
| -- | -- |
| `${containerId}` | The ID of the container to view the logs for. |

> > NOTE: The `match` regular expression will be compared against the container name and full tag of the container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The `match` regular expression will be compared against the container name and full tag of the container image.
```
